## Meeting 4

Team name: Team 1

Members present: Daniel Lobenstein, Pierce McCarty, Brendan Gross

Date: 10/09/2024

Time: 10:15-10:45AM

Discussion points: 

* Covered progress that has been made on the API and the code for it so far. We have found the API we plan on using, it is free and gives us the ability to pay for better features in order to scale our project in the future if needed.
* Talked about our weekly sprints; we are meeting once on our own time per week but are flexible to increase the days we meet based on how progress is going throughout the next few weeks.
* Worked on creating more and finalizing project roles, we will be flexible to add more roles in the future if we need to

Goals for next week (include responsibilities)

* Continue researching into the GUI and hope to get a prototype version working by the end of the week.
* Continue building our main code for the API and work it into the GUI 
* Continue updating trello board and update our project proposal